Update README.md (#4)
obnyis/docker-palworld-dedicated-server: README.md

- Feel free to create a new issue.
  - You can reference other issues if you're experiencing a similar problem via #issue-number.

>   - DON'T open issues with this image on the [upstream repo](https://github.com/jammsen/docker-palworld-dedicated-server)

Reviewer: Hahaha i like it, thanks 😎

## Changelog

> You can find the [base image changelog here](CHANGELOG.md) (refer to the upstream repo for pull requests)

Reviewer: Shouldnt this link be something like https://github.com/jammsen/docker-palworld-dedicated-server/blob/develop/README.md or so? Im not sure though. 
IF you want to Hot-Link, please link to "develop" my default branch, i would people rather have the newest readme and changelogs then the "latest" version.

Author: Good point. For this changelog section I'll have it link to the CHANGELOG.md on your "develop" branch, which will allow the links to work correctly and means I can remove the extra note I added.

```suggestion
You can find the [base image changelog here](https://github.com/jammsen/docker-palworld-dedicated-server/blob/develop/CHANGELOG.md)
```

You can find the [ue4ss specific changelog here](CHANGELOG-UE4SS.md)

## Credits / Shoutout / Contributions

> For the original image which this has been forked from, much thanks to jammsen. If you make use of my fork please consider giving his repo and docker image a star ⭐

Reviewer: For the original image, which this has been forked from, much thanks to jammsen. If you make use of my fork please consider giving his repo and Docker image also a star ⭐

Reads/Sounds slightly better?

Author: (just reposting that as a suggestion so I can see the diff)

```suggestion
For the original image, which this has been forked from, much thanks to jammsen. If you make use of my fork please consider giving his repo and Docker image also a star ⭐
```

Agreed, that reads better
